README.md, before:

# CV

> a CV for Bryan Gilbert, B.Sc.(Hon), M.Sc. -- a full stack DevSecOps developer

Welcome to my online resume.  You can find out more about me via the links below and by visiting my 
[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryangilbertsoftware) 
profile.

I'm a Full Stack DevOp software developer and a certified scrum master. 

- [About Me](/about.md)
- [My Projects](/projects.md)
- [References](/refs.md)

## My recent projects

### EdEHR 
![4] 

[Educational Electronic Health Record (EdEHR)](https://edehr.org) 
is an open-source project that is a post secondary health eduction tool which simulates an electronic health record system similar to that used in hospitals.  It is unique in several ways.
1. Tailored to the student (it is not a patient record system)
2. Canadian focused.
3. Open sourced to provide educational institutions with an affordable suuport.
4. Open sourced case studies to share best practices across institutions.
5. Customizable to allow for adaptation.

### npauth

Like many Full Stack DevOp developers I continually encounter the need to add user authentication
into smaller projects.  Larger organizations, such as governments, develop sophisticated user authentication and authorization systems and they have the option to leverage 3rd party applications that are expensive and/or complex.  Yet, smaller projects need user authentication too.  ```npauth``` is a work in progress that will solve this problem.

At this moment [No Password User Authentication](https://npuser.org) is hosted at https://npuser.org. The application will soon be migrated to https://npauth.org soon. Both are a work in progress)


## Find me on the web

- [Github](https://github.com/bryan-gilbert/)
- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/bgilbert)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryangilbertsoftware)


## A Few Favorites
![1]


[1]: ./FavStack@0.5x.png
[4]: ./logos/EdEHR.png

Commit message:

Update favorite stack and npuser

README.md, after:

# CV

> a CV for Bryan Gilbert, B.Sc.(Hon), M.Sc. -- a full stack DevSecOps developer

Welcome to my online resume.  You can find out more about me via the links below and by visiting my 
[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryangilbertsoftware) 
profile.

I'm a Full Stack DevOp software developer and a certified scrum master. 

- [About Me](/about.md)
- [My Projects](/projects.md)
- [References](/refs.md)

## My recent projects

### EdEHR 
![4] 

[Educational Electronic Health Record (EdEHR)](https://edehr.org) 
is an open-source project that is a post secondary health eduction tool which simulates an electronic health record system similar to that used in hospitals.  It is unique in several ways.
1. Tailored to the student (it is not a patient record system)
2. Canadian focused.
3. Open sourced to provide educational institutions with an affordable suuport.
4. Open sourced case studies to share best practices across institutions.
5. Customizable to allow for adaptation.

### npuser.org

Like many Full Stack DevOp developers I continually encounter the need to add user authentication
into smaller projects.  Larger organizations, such as governments, develop sophisticated user authentication and authorization systems and they have the option to leverage 3rd party applications that are expensive and/or complex.  Yet, smaller projects need user authentication too.  ```npuser``` is a work in progress that will solve this problem.

At this moment [No Password User Authentication](https://npuser.org) is hosted at https://npuser.org. 

## Find me on the web

- [Github](https://github.com/bryan-gilbert/)
- [CodePen](https://codepen.io/bgilbert)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryangilbertsoftware)


## A Few Favorites
This image illustrates my favorite tech-stack.  I have many more capabilities than are shown here!  These are simply my current favorites and this list is constantly evolving.

[![1]](./ReallyFavStack.png)


[1]: ./ReallyFavStack@0.5x.png
[4]: ./logos/EdEHR.png
